And let's go to the practical use of our Google Call up tool.
Google CoLab consists of 12.
We have two types of cells are called cell and text that we can at each fold by clicking here called
for our tech cell.
We can also add in by hovering in the center of the screen.
If we don't need this, we can easily remove it.
You can change their order, etc..
We also have other options that are worth mentioning.
Let's delete everything.
We have an empty notebook to start a raffle with our coat and enter a simple called.
Let's define the variable revenue.
10,000.
Then the variable tax 0.19 tax rate and income.
It is equal to revenue multiplied by tax.
And let's display it.
Rounded gold saved plus enter the value have been displayed.
We can also print it using that print function.
Let's move to the next cell.
Let's try to describe what we did.
We will add a text at the very top and enter the header to edit.
Also double click or press enter to add the edge free header.
Enter the free characters hash and enter faith.
If we go to the table of contents, we will have disaffection.
If we create the next section, for example.
Summary.
We can see that the next section is created and we can navigate easily on the same level.
Here we can also add more sections.
We can always go to this table of contents here.
Okay, we are closing the table of contents.
Let's go back to our tool and now let's go to the examples.
Now I'll show you how to import libraries in our environment for libraries that are in the Google call
up environment.
We do it in a standard way.
We can execute the command import non-peak and b let's also display the library version.
Sift love enter to execute.
Carla provides the option of autocomplete.
Let's see how it works.
After entering and P, we have a handle on what we can use here.
For example, we can enter a random and we also have more hands on the wall we can use, for example,
around function.
After opening the parenthesis, we also have information about the function.
We can also get it by inserting a question mark and the running of the documentation will be displayed
in a separate window.
Let's move on.
Let's see what to do if the library is not installed.
We'll try to import the image.
A library which we don't have here in Google call up environment.
We have an error.
No.
Module name image i.
What we have to do is to install the library.
So enter exclamation mark, pip install Image II.
Let's surround this command and we have to wait a moment.
The library has been installed and we can now import it, import image AI.
And so we see we have no error anymore.
What is a nice feature of call up in case of error.
We can quickly go to the Google and search for information about the error on the StackOverflow website.
After clicking, we'll get Google search results where then we can quickly go to the problem we are
interested in.
Let's go back and move on to markdown language where you see some basic features.
Let's add a new text file.
We start with the font.
If we want to italicize, we use the one asterisk.
If we want to make the text bold, we use double asterisk.
Remember as two spaces at the end of each line to go to the new line.
We can also get it by adding to underscore, refine.
If we want to pass a piece of code.
We used the Berkeley character.
If we want to pass a longer piece of code, we do this in this way.
We pass free back to characters.
If we want to end and we can do it in this way.
To add a double indent, we add another sign.
Next, let's see how to create an ordered list.
To create an order placed.
We put an asterisk symbol.
Now I show you how to insert a link to our page.
Let's go to google dot com and copy darling.
Let's up a new text so the text will be displayed in a square brackets.
And the page address is in the wrong bracket.
After clicking, a new window will open with our link.
If we want to attack the image, we can do it as follows and throw an exclamation mark.
Then the square brackets put the text to be displayed and in into round brackets the link to the image
will copy the link to the Python logo.
Right click copy.
Image Address.
And posted here.
Now I show you how to use mathematical equations using logic.
Let's create a new text.
So we pass mathematical formula and clothing to all our signs.
Let's see how to do it.
On the right, we have our preview.
Let's make another example.
Let's start with our fraction and the fun.
Fine.
To build a matrix.
Let's see another example.
We are building out two by two matrix backslash.
Begin P matrix.
Then we have elements of matrix.
a11.
A one, two.
Go to the new line, double backslash.
Two one.
A total.
And finish our matrix and B matrix.
Let's see the tables.
Let's build a simple table.
Three columns, two rows.
We start with headers.
Call one vertical bar code or vertical bar code free.
Then we pass dash does does vertical bar dash dash.
That vertical bar doesn't touch that.
And we go to the first row value on vertical bar wall to vertical bar wall free and they're like, throw.
And we are ready to go that fall.
We are ready to go further.
Thank you for watching.
Feel.